Readme update (#5566)
spinnaker/spinnaker: README.adoc

image:http://join.spinnaker.io/badge.svg[Slack Status,link=http://join.spinnaker.io]
image:https://travis-ci.org/spinnaker/spinnaker.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/spinnaker/spinnaker"]

= Welcome to the Spinnaker Project

Spinnaker is an open-source continuous delivery platform for releasing software changes with high velocity and confidence.
Through a powerful abstraction layer, Spinnaker provides compelling tooling that empowers developers to own their application code from commit to delivery.

> Inside Spinnaker, using a GUI (graphical user interface), or as code, manage deployments and cloud resources such as: 

Reviewer: "Manage deployments in Spinnaker using the graphical user interface (GUI) or with config-as-code. A deployment may be one or all of these:"

> - VM "bake" deployments to a cloud

Reviewer: Virtual machine (VM) deployments to a public cloud provider - "baked" as immutable infrastructure

- Container deployments to a cloud
- Container deployments to Kubernetes
- Load balancers

> - Security groups

Reviewer: All of these terms are the generic Spinnaker ones - maybe link out to their respective sections in on the [Concepts](https://www.spinnaker.io/concepts/) page?

Author: good idea

- Server groups
- Clusters
- Firewalls
- Functions

> Facilitate GitOps, and grant developers control of provisioning infrastructure for apps. Natively, use Spinnaker’s cloud driver to deploy to all of the major cloud providers, and the Kubernetes V2 provider for Kubernetes deployments. You may even orchestrate configuration and firmware changes as part of Spinnaker delivery pipelines.

Reviewer: s/cloud driver/Clouddriver

Reviewer: major [public] cloud providers?

> Facilitate GitOps, and grant developers control of provisioning infrastructure for apps. Natively, use Spinnaker’s cloud driver to deploy to all of the major cloud providers, and the Kubernetes V2 provider for Kubernetes deployments. You may even orchestrate configuration and firmware changes as part of Spinnaker delivery pipelines.

Reviewer 2: I suggest replacing "Natively,...." with 

"Use Spinnaker's Clouddriver to deploy to all of the major public cloud providers and Kubernetes."

The fact that we have a v2 provider (and deprecated a v1 K8s provider) isn't really relevant here. If I'm new to Spinnaker I care about the fact that it can deploy to K8s, not what version of Spinnaker's own feature Spinnaker is on.

= Why Do I Need Spinnaker?

With Spinnaker, create a “paved road” for application delivery, with guardrails that ensure only valid infrastructure and configuration reach production.
Free development teams from burdensome ops provisioning while automating reinforcement of business and regulatory requirements. Delivery automation
strategies such as canary deployments provide the safety necessary to capture value from quick innovation, while protecting against business and end-user

>  impact. As the most mature and widely productionalized continuous delivery platform, Spinnaker can apply the expertise of Netflix, Google, Microsoft,

Reviewer: > As the most mature and widely productionalized continuous delivery platform...

I like this whole sentence - maybe raise it up higher into, say, the intro paragraph?

Author: Done!

 and Amazon to your SDLC. User companies include Target, Salesforce, Airbnb, Cerner, Adobe, and JPMorgan Chase.
 

> = Tech Specs

Reviewer: TIL about the `= ` prefix making a header and horizonal line - thanks for the tip!

> Spinnaker consists of a number of https://www.spinnaker.io/reference/architecture/[independent microservices], with the Halyard CLI administration service

Reviewer: Maybe add link to "Halyard" to its repo?

Reviewer 2: I'd call it the "Halyard CLI tool" instead of "administration service" to help differentiate it from the actual Spinnaker services.

Author: come to think of it, can I put "Halyard or the Kubernetes Operator (Beta) managing the lifecycle of the other service?"

> managing the lifecycle of the other services. A variety of SDLC tools integrate with Spinnaker, and its plugin framework offers an alternative to extending

Reviewer: [variety of SDLC] --> https://www.spinnaker.io/setup/other_config/ maybe?

> managing the lifecycle of the other services. A variety of SDLC tools integrate with Spinnaker, and its plugin framework offers an alternative to extending

Reviewer 2: From a new user perspective, I think saying that it makes Spinnaker more customizable to meet your needs or something is easier/more compelling than "an alternative to extending Spinnaker."

> and maintaining individual Spinnaker extensions. Plugins allow us to add system integrations without restarting or updating Spinnaker, broadening its potential

Reviewer 2: Without restarting seems like something odd to call out here. Even if they don't need to restart to add a plugin, they're still running `hal deploy apply` any time there's a config change.

> to easily leverage the entire software delivery toolchain. With this in place, Spinnaker is evolving towards leaner binaries and a smaller threat surface,

Reviewer 2: Smaller threat surface is interesting. Leaner binaries, not really.

Author: lolol ok.

enabling performance and operational advantages. Meanwhile, managed delivery, a newer Spinnaker featureset, provides declarative definitions of common
infrastructure and other requirements; users can declare requirements using those
prebuilt definitions and move changes through environments via a visual interface.

'''

> This repository contains ancillary configuration, build, and testing tools for the Spinnaker project. It also centralizes issue tracking across Spinnaker, accepting issues from across the project.  

Reviewer: Not anymore!

"This repository centralizes issue tracking across Spinnaker for each microservice. The core code making up Spinnaker’s microservices is found in the other https://github.com/spinnaker[Spinnaker repositories]."

Author: @ttomsu not anymore what? how should I update this?

Reviewer: This repo no longer contains ancillary configuration. I suggest updating to the text in the comment.

The core code making up Spinnaker’s microservices is found in the other https://github.com/spinnaker[Spinnaker repositories].

= Using Spinnaker

> Spinnaker users should refer to the main

Reviewer: Spinnaker site linked to spinnaker.io

Spinnaker site and https://www.spinnaker.io/setup/[Installation] guide.

> For more information on how Spinnaker is designed, see the https://www.spinnaker.io/concepts/[Documentation Overview].

Reviewer: Is this a new or preferred way of creating markdown links?

Reviewer 2: The readme for this repo is written in ASCII doc. Not sure why it is, but this is the typical way to do it in ASCII doc

Author: lol I forgot about this while I was working on edits based on @ttomsu 's comments and had to fix them after  : \

> This repository contains ancillary configuration, build, and testing tools for the Spinnaker project. It also centralizes issue tracking across Spinnaker, accepting issues from across the project.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository centralizes issue tracking across Spinnaker for each microservice. The core code making up Spinnaker’s microservices is found in the other https://github.com/spinnaker[Spinnaker repositories].
```

If you're interested in a detailed walkthrough of the Spinnaker systems, check the https://www.spinnaker.io/reference/[Reference Material].

= Setting Up Spinnaker For Development

To pull Spinnaker from source and set it up to run locally against any of the https://www.spinnaker.io/setup/install/providers/#supported-providers[Cloud Providers],

> follow the https://spinnaker.io/guides/developer/getting-set-up/[Developer Setup Guide]

Reviewer: rm newlines - Pull this line into the preceding paragraph
